we come to the earth which well grew to
get here the way it is now
here is our world our planet Earth
floating in space we will be going
backward in time imperfectly but done in
a very disciplined manner please notice
there is no subduction no rotation of
tectonic plates no twisting no
form-fitting
no altering shapes or sizes it would be
impossible impossible for these
continental plates to fit together
perfectly without this being true and
yet the upper tectonic plates fit
together perfectly on a much smaller
planet yes there's been some erosion
landslides bla bla but overall this
activity is insignificant there is a
kind of conspiracy of silence among
certain scientists they know but are not
telling you that the upper tectonic
plates of Earth also join in the Pacific
not partially they join totally you are
asked to believe that the continents
swim or drift about willy-nilly bumping
and crashing as if they were on a
greased skillet this is not true the
simple truth is apparently too upsetting
to too many Apple carts we're now going
forward in time to show how the actual
growth of the earth took place imperfect
as the details but the overall is nailed
Antarctica as you see has become
subtropical Africa on a smaller globe
move way downward under the globe in
fact for hundreds of millions of years
the bottom of Africa was the South Pole
South America's tail goes under and
wraps around the bottom of Africa then
incredibly joins coast with Antarctica
65 million years ago and more these
continents were joined and marsupials
like the duckbill platypus roamed from
Australia Antarctica and across southern
South America and up into Africa the
platypus dinosaurs roamed all over this
world on the upper tectonic plate
because there were no oceans just
shallow seas here today Antarctica is
frozen over in Australia and its
surrounding islands are the remaining
home of marsupials do you see how
broadly the Pacific is opening compared
to the Atlantic this is exactly why the
knee-jerk Pangaea theory exists the
Pacific spread is too difficult to
easily visualize because it's so big the
Atlantic spread is so obvious that a
child would recognize it but they are
the same